feat: configuration passwordOutdatedCache in the controller (#6169)
MetaMask/core: packages/seedless-onboarding-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added an optional param, `passwordOutdatedCacheTTL` to the constructor params and exported `SecretMetadata` class from the controller.([#6169](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/6169))

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Added an optional parameter, `passwordOutdatedCacheTTL` to the constructor and exported `SecretMetadata` class from the controller.([#6169](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/6169))
```
